artifacts: Add docs for file/artifact promotion (#2711)
kubernetes/k8s.io: artifacts/README.md

# Kubernetes Artifacts

> This directory the manifest that are used to perform artifact promotion for
> the Kubernetes project.

Reviewer: 🤔  I'm not sure about the meaning of this (forgive my poor English). Maybe something like : 
```suggestion
This directory contains the manifests that are used to perform artifact promotion for
the Kubernetes project.
```

Author: @ameukam -- Nice catch! The wording was off and I've pulled in your suggestion. :)
